Brother Huang Bridge offended Lord Qin
Just smashed his electricity.
That's why you ask someone to trouble him?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm killing him
Do you understand the rent salary of killing? Brother Huang is awesome. Brother Huang is high
You don't talk nonsense
We didn't hit you.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, okay, okay, dead
old man
You leave this thing and I will collect it for you.
How much is it?
500,000 ask you
50 bucks what did you say 50 bucks
This is a Buddha statue from the Tang Dynasty.
Call your father
I'm going to teach you a good lesson for your father, boy
Is it for sale at this price?
Do you know how old I am?
I'm 80.
I've been playing antiques for 70 years and I've never gotten high
I have released my solo album a dozen times
If you say he is fake, he is fake.
Don't tell me it's useless.
You want to sell it, bring it in for me.
I got it for you.
If you don't sell it, take something and go to you, you, you.
You insult me
Hey.
Hey, what are you going to do?
Don't take it
This uncle is really pissed off
Our store has to close before it opens.
Absolutely not.
Ignore him, he's pretending here
Hahahahaha
This young man can make the uncle angry to death
What a hero
The boy is in big trouble
Dad
you